I'm Tommy Tommy harm
hello and welcome tonight we bring you a
matchup that's sure to amaze and perhaps
confuse a game that coggles the
imagination the team will square off
against they're mirror images
LeBron James is out there with LeBron
James and it's LeBron James and it's
LeBron James and it's LeBron at the
small forward position LeBron James is
out there with LeBron James and it's
LeBron James and it's LeBron James and
its LeBron shooting guard
the away team take the tip off and we'll
set up the offense all fueled up and
ready to go let's check out who's on the
floor courtesy of gatorade that got
LeBron James LeBron James is up there
with LeBron James and it's LeBron James
and it's LeBron and it's the three
LeBron outside tries to save it out of
bounds no keep possession
here's LeBron he's picked up by LeBron
James it's the region call that is his
first follow the game now here's LeBron
after lebron james's Miss Brown that's a
two-pointer good and he is this goes to
the block LeBron's now got his first
bucket in this one
LeBron outside backing down is LeBron
he's picked up by LeBron it takes the
Cal you passin junk sit down but hey
Lily flames on my favor please use
lebron lebron outside a free from lebron
lebron grabs the Miss and here comes
LeBron
lebron outside he's picked up by LeBron
Ron vicious de la Braun LeBron and then
headed company uh-oh a little bit of a
statement made their well LeBron is
screen on LeBron and LeBron with the
basket the assist by LeBron there is a
little sweet spot that mid-range jumper
LeBron outside back to LeBron Ronnie's
chugged in for LeBron
six-point lead back to LeBron he's
picked up by LeBron so in the camp I
LeBron with that one boy they got the
crowd buzzing their comfort here's
LeBron
lebron passes to LeBron
lebron outside
yes it's a braun picking up the assist
LeBron's mal got his goat assist on the
night and here comes LeBron pulls up on
the way and James pulls it down
lebron against lebron good and the
assist goes to LeBron as a second
quarter gets under way
here's LeBron the gap LeBron James
LeBron James is out there with LeBron
James and it's LeBron James and its
LeBron institution LeBron James is out
there with LeBron James Ennis LeBron
James and it's LeBron James and it's
LeBron in at the center James doesn't
get the full court heave the fall
11-point game and LeBron gets it to go
with the assist by LeBron LeBron's now
got his goat assist on the night they've
been very aggressive here yeah huge
advantage in points in the paint I think
the defense hostage in points in the
paint I think the defense has to make an
adjustment to protect the middle both
teams will make substitutions
here's LeBron he's picked up by LeBron
he dishes it to LeBron and LeBron throws
in town hard replay here's right slam
cam showing it once more